systemd-nspawn: add page (#11358)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/systemd-nspawn.md

# systemd-nspawn

> Spawn a command or OS in a light-weight container.
> More information: <https://www.freedesktop.org/software/systemd/man/latest/systemd-nspawn.html>.

- Run a command in a container:

> `systemd-nspawn -D {{/path/to/container/root}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`systemd-nspawn -D {{path/to/container/root}}`
```

- Run a full Linux-based OS in a container:

> `systemd-nspawn --boot -D {{/path/to/container/root}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`systemd-nspawn --boot -D {{path/to/container/root}}`
```

> - By default, the command you specify is run as PID 1 (init) in the container. To run it as PID 2 with a stub init process:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run the specified command as PID 2 in the container (as opposed to PID 1). Use a stub init process:
```

> `systemd-nspawn -D {{/path/to/container/root}} --as-pid2`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`systemd-nspawn -D {{path/to/container/root}} --as-pid2`
```

> `systemd-nspawn -D {{path/to/container/root}}`
> 
> - Run a full Linux-based OS in a container:
> 
> `systemd-nspawn --boot -D {{path/to/container/root}}`
> 
> - Run the specified command as PID 2 in the container (as opposed to PID 1). Use a stub init process:
> 
> `systemd-nspawn -D {{path/to/container/root}} --as-pid2`
> 
> - Specify the machine name and hostname:
> 
> `systemd-nspawn --machine={{mycontainer}} --hostname={{mycontainerhost}} -D {{path/to/container/root}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`systemd-nspawn --directory {{path/to/container_root}}`

- Run a full Linux-based OS in a container:

`systemd-nspawn --boot --directory {{path/to/container_root}}`

- Run the specified command as PID 2 in the container (as opposed to PID 1). Use a stub init process:

`systemd-nspawn --directory {{path/to/container_root}} --as-pid2`

- Specify the machine name and hostname:

`systemd-nspawn --machine={{mycontainer}} --hostname={{mycontainerhost}} --directory {{path/to/container_root}}`
```

> `systemd-nspawn --machine="{{mycontainer}}" --hostname="{{mycontainerhost}}" -D {{/path/to/container/root}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`systemd-nspawn --machine={{mycontainer}} --hostname={{mycontainerhost}} -D {{path/to/container/root}}`
```
